Sekiro
	I'm enjoying this a lot more than when i came out.
	I still think that you move strangely fast? it feels like the game is trying to get you to move past the early chapters as fast as possible.
	I have to actively tell myself not to sail over the entire map and miss everything in the game.
	I think this is because you have no stamina, move very very fast and have grapple
	A lot of the mechanics feel very convoluted and half-baked. I dont see the reason why the game needs any currency, nor the dragonrot/divine blessing features.
	The swordplay is extremely fun. Visually beautiful, the combat animations have extremely good telegraphing and shillouetting!
	also the horse boss is interesting in its differences from DS3, positioning is very different as you dont want to stay underneath large beasts.
	The feeling of perfectly timing a parry is like the feeling of dodging perfectly in DS3, but ON CRACK
	Although the ressurect mechanic feels completely needless, why does it exist?
	also the game is very pretty even playing on low (+anti-aliasing)
	Biggest piece of advice i can give: LOOK AT THE BOSS
	when you are starting/figuring out the controls, you stare at the player so much

Blender
	Hi-Lo poly doesnt need the Hipoly to have a UV map! 
	They need to be in the same place as each other tho (I.E. both 0,0,0 in worldspace and overlapping each other)
	It uses mesh differences, not UV map differences!!!!
	also in 2D UV window you can view face stretching by going into the overlay settings (top-right of view)