## Task 1
Game: Hot Dogs, Horseshoes and Hand Grenades
Released: 5 Apr, 2016
All VR Headsets (Windows only, SteamVR)
RUST LTD. (Indie studio, one active developer + business managers)

Game-play consists of mainly sandbox play, with accurate gun simulation and spawn-able (sausage-based) enemies. There are also a few more "strict" modes such as Take and Hold, which provides a set of objectives and semi-randomized weapon + enemy spawning.
Since it's a VR game, physics sandbox is also a large part of its appeal. you can place custom targets, structures and weapon load-outs (with attachments), save+load the scene at any time.

The art style is a mix between realistic and semi-cartoon-y simplicity (mainly in the custom assets)
The firearm simulation aspect is tuned to be very realistic, including the weapon models, sounds and recoil, but the "world" of the game is quite unrealistic and goofy (the main enemies in the game are 6-foot-tall sausages that bleed mustard)




## Task 2
Game UI: Fallout 3
Pip-boy is a diegetic form of UI that acts as a map, menu, inventory and quest tracker.
In-lore it is a wristband that you can pull up at any time, almost like an alternate universe version of a phone.
It's effective as it not only gives a unified place to change your character/remember quests, but also immerses you into the world more as there is an animation of your character bringing the pip-boy up to their face and it exists in-lore. You can also customize it to be any colour you like.

Game UI: Mirror's Edge
3D Parkour games can be quite hard because its not very easy to signify where youre meant to be going (unike 2D games where the direction is usually right). Mirrors Edge gets around this by using a Spatial and semi-diegetic UI element called Runner's Vision.